hi I'm Karina owner of Rocky Mountain
soap company and I'm standing here in
our first toxin-free store located in
calgary alberta and i'm excited to
introduce to you our brand new face
polishes the best part is that they are
all toxin free so what they don't
contain our little plastic microbeads
that once they get flushed into the
environment cause problems and then
persist they don't go away so these
beautiful face polishes all contain
beautiful actives natural clays and my
favorite is the revitalizing face polish
so this one contains vanilla coconut
which is an absolutely beautiful scent i
love it and it also has moroccan lava
clay i'm going to tell you about how i
get the best benefit out of the clay in
a second so what I do but when I'm in
the shower is like will sprinkle a
little bit on my hand and then I like to
apply some of our pomegranate day cream
and you mix it around like this until
you from a beautiful paste and then you
simply apply it in circles wherever
you've got dry skin so I like to rub it
for quite a while I do a very dry skin
and I like to make sure that I get it
all off and then I leave it and after a
few minutes you'll notice that the
Moroccan lava clay really starts to
improve dryness it also helps to improve
elasticity when you think you've left it
on long enough you simply rinse it off
and my skin just always it feels amazing
because you've removed the dryness and
you get a little bit of the hydration
from the day cream so I use mine maybe
two to three times a week and it helps
my day cream also work a little bit more
because it's not being applied on to on
to dry skin I love it
you